MAN: We've got a few hundred
protesters at the front
of the building.
Suggest secondary entry.
MAN 2:
Roger that.
ETA for Admiral Pack--
under two minutes
to the courthouse.
We'll take a look
at the crowd,
make the call whether or not
to divert to the garage.
MAN 1:
Copy that.
First NCIS
security detail?
No, but it's, uh,
it's been a while.
Used to do these
all the time
when I was stationed
in the Midwest.
It's like riding
a bike...
with lots of people
screaming profanities.
When did they renovate
the Royal House?
You from the area?
Born and bred.
I requested this detail.
Been away from
home too long.
It looks like
they have rolled out
the red carpet for you,
Agent Hackett.
Why are we stopping?
MAN 1: The admiral
nixed secondary entry.
He insists we go
through the front.
Of course he did.
Admiral Pack,
you sure this
is such a good idea?
Damn straight.
Came here
to show that we
empathize with their
disappointment on having
the contract
go elsewhere. We go
through the front door.
Admiral...
Stared down the enemy
in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Hell if I'm gonna run from this.
Possible hostile
at three o'clock,
in the blue jacket.
Admiral, we got to get you
inside right now.
A few more minutes.
Negative on the hosti...
Come on, shots fired,
admiral moving
back to the car.
Agent down.
Get across, move it!
* Boom, boom, boom, boom
* Bang, bang, bang, bang
* How, how, how, how
* Hey, hey
* You gotta come on.
BRODY: Admiral made the call
to walk the line,
so we approached the building
at high alert. I saw this guy
over here behind this barricade
reach into his pocket,
I'm thinking
he's going for a gun,
turns out to be a cell phone.
So I indicated that
the threat was a negative.
Then, almost instantly...
Shot was fired?
Yeah.
Security team leader's
getting the admiral
flown to Gulfport.
Chopper should be setting
down in 15 minutes.
Any idea where
the shot came from?
Sounded like
it came from
across Royal.
I'm thinking we start
with the yellow building and
sweep
the upper floors.
What's the body
tell us, Loretta?
Agent Austin Hackett
suffered a fatal gunshot wound
in his upper chest cavity.
Caliber of weapon?
Well, it's tough to tell
on preliminary examination.
There's
no point of exit,
so the bullet's
probably still lodged
in Agent Hackett's body.
Once I get him
on my table,
I'll be able to x-ray,
locate the slug and identify it.
Seemed like a good guy.
From here,
originally.
Nothing you could've done.
Christopher,
get on the witnesses. Brody,
interface with NOPD
and get a sweep going.
First thing
we got to do is
figure out where
the shot came from.
Right.
LASALLE: Based on
various witness accounts,
appears Brody was
right-- shot came from
yellow building
across Royal Street.
And the sweep?
Basement to roof.
Came up empty.
Whoever pulled the trigger
covered their
tracks well.
We're gonna
try and use facial
mapping to identify
as many of the
protesters as possible.
Members Union Local 445.
Worked at
the shipyard.
Their contract wasn't renewed
when the admiral
awarded the Destroyer
project to Charleston.
Any threats prior
to the protest?
The admiral is
currently on the hit list
of both Boko Haram
and the Aryan Nation.
PATTON:
If I were still a betting man,
which I haven't been
since the summer of 2011,
I'd stick to the union angle.
Got something?
Went crack-a-hacking various
union e-mail accounts.
Came across this doozy
sent amongst the ranks.
Came from union distro
e-mail account.
As far as I can tell,
this was sent from
inside headquarters.
445 union leader is...
Tommy City.
He was waiting inside the hall
to meet with the admiral.
Go talk to him.
See what he knows
and who has access
to the union's
accounts?
Please and
thank you.
Still need to conduct
my after-action interview
with Agent Brody.
Happy to do so,
but I think I should
follow up with this first.
Hold up
a sec on that,
will you?
Can we speak?
In private?
I'd like Agent Brody to do
her after-action interview
before going
into the field.
She briefed me
on what happened.
Followed protocol.
You're not going to
find anything there.
Seems to me the
paperwork can wait
until we're further down
the road with the murder
investigation.
I respectfully disagree,
and I'm receiving my orders
from Director Vance.
After something
like today,
you got to question
everything and everyone
involved in the detail.
Came across a file
in Agent Brody's jacket.
Were you aware of the incident
on the USS Moultrie
when she was an agent afloat?
Fully aware.
Do you know she hesitated
when she saw the bomber?
I read
the file.
Moultrie investigation showed
Agent Brody's slight hesitation
had no bearing
on the explosion.
Bottom line,
this is twice people have died
on Agent Brody's watch.
I want to find out
what happened this morning.
And I'm equally intent
on finding out
what Agent Brody did
or did not do
on the USS Moultrie.
Start again.
What happened just before
you veered from the
admiral's flank?
I veered
because I saw a credible threat.
Called it out.
Moved in to assess it further.
Would you have
preferred I did nothing?
I would have preferred
you keep the admiral safe.
He is safe.
And Agent Hackett?
Look...
I'd like to be out there
looking for
Agent Hackett's killer.
Feel free to play back the tapes
of the first three times
we went over this.
My story is not changing.
And what about your story
about what happened
on the USS Moultrie?
I admire the tactic.
Badger me for 40 minutes
in the hopes that
I'll be distracted
when you get to what
you really care about.
Of the five men
that died on the Moultrie,
I served with two.
They were friends.
So, yes, I do care.
Sit.
September 2, 2007.
You were
the agent afloat
when disgruntled Petty Officer
3rd class Jerry Hooper
strapped
an improvised
explosive to his chest,
tried to make his way
to the command center.
You encountered Hooper
in the mission bay.
BRODY:
NCIS! Stop!
Had a clear shot
to take him down, but...
you hesitated.
So tell me this:
Why didn't you fire
when you had a clean shot...
Agent Brody?
:
Answer the question.
If you want to officially
reopen the investigation,
go ahead.
Till then...
I am going back to work.
LASALLE: This photo was sent
from your headquarters.
CITY:
Suggesting I sent this?
Insult on top of injury.
You guys take our jobs
and then you accuse us
of trying
to assassinate an admiral?
The threat came from
inside your union office.
Someone besides me.
I wouldn't know where to begin
to put something
like this together.
My girl, Angie,
she sends all my e-mails,
and there's no way
I know how to...
photo-whatever a target
on that ass's face.
But you were
aware of it
and you didn't notify
the authorities.
Thought it was just one of
my guys letting off some steam.
There's a lot of anger.
People's lives screwed.
Any screwed
more than others?
Look around.
Used to be 200 people
working here.
Now I got skeleton crews
packing the place up.
People lost their homes.
Families ripped apart.
Desperate times.
Which may have called
for desperate measures.
Look, as upset as I am
at this Admiral Pack,
in no way do I condone
what happened.
And I feel like crap for the guy
that got shot, his family.
"The guy" was
Austin Hackett.
We're gonna need
access to your servers
and a list of people
who would've been able
to get into the union's office
the day the e-mail was sent.
Angie, I need your help with
that damn computer again.
I was able to locate the slug
in Agent Hackett's
T-4 vertebrae.
Bullet's a .30-30 Winchester,
most commonly found
in various hunting rifles.
The distance
between the building
where the shot came from
and Hackett was over 500 feet.
About 166 yards.
Single kill shot
at that distance,
not easy for a .30-30.
You know, when the Chen Lon gang
in China had John Lennon killed,
they made sure that Mark David
Chapman had point-blank access.
Really?
The Chinese?
Yeah. Later, I'll show
you the evidence.
So we're looking for someone
with significant
hunting experience.
And because we haven't
pinpointed the exact location
in the building
where the shot came from,
I'm working up a simulation.
Oh, look out!
Mr. Lund has himself
a grassy knoll.
All right, let's...
don't start with me, "Double P."
Oh, no, it's Triple P now.
The third "P"
is for "perfection."
SEBASTIAN:
We've been over this, okay?
You cannot give yourself
a nickname.
And here's where
we shut the screen off.
Good-bye, Loretta.
Bye, Dwayne.
Son of Sam gave himself...
PATTON:
Are you ready to love
the Triple P?
Follow me.
I went through the login
of everyone
who signed into the computers
at the headquarters
the night that e-mail was sent.
Found this.
Password-- HueyLeo81.
Logged in 30 seconds prior.
Logged off 15 seconds after.
That e-mail belongs
to Shane Tash.
Born May 26, 1981.
Pet bulldogs--
Huey and Leo.
Okay. Hunting experience?
Damn, do I have
to do everything around here?
Let me ask you something.
Now, if I added another "P"
to my name,
what would you like--
"Passionate" or "playful"?
Shane Tash has had a hunting
license for over 20 years.
You want me to get Brody
and check out Tash?
Anson really reopen the
investigation into Moultrie?
She's been up there an hour.
Could be another
couple hours.
Let's go check out
this Tash fellow.
Sorry, fellas.
Ain't gonna talk to anyone
involved in with Navy
after what y'all done to us.
You may not
want to talk,
but we think whoever
signed in as HueyLeo81...
...probably should.
It was a nasty piece of work,
that e-mail you sent.
Not as nasty as Admiral Pack.
Whoa!
What about Admiral Pack?
Word around the union,
he was getting kickbacks
from a company in Charleston
for the shipping contracts, too.
We don't care about your
conspiracy theories.
We care about
your whereabouts
at the time of the shooting.
I was here.
Anyone to corroborate that?
Place was a ghost town.
Everybody was out
picketing the admiral.
That's convenient.
Check my timecard if you want.
Clocked in at 8:00 a.m.
Clocked in at 8:00 a.m.,
walked out the front door.
20 minutes to the courthouse.
Still leaves you 40 minutes
before the shot rang out.
You got nothing on me.
Now, if you don't mind,
I got to tear down
the rest of this equipment
and ship it to China.
You threatened a Naval
officer by e-mail,
and that's a
federal offense.
You're going with us
back to your house
and handing over
all your rifles.
Were you dropped
on your head as a child?
Please don't tell me
you buy the government's story.
Kennedy was obviously killed
by the Chicago Mob.
Evidence.
Show me some ev-i-dence.
PRIDE:
Patton, what are you doing here?
Man, the second
I heard Sebastian
was down here trying
to recreate an assassination,
I came to try
to keep him focused.
Doesn't seem to be working.
Well, neither is the
theory about Shane Tash.
What?
Ballistics didn't
match any of his guns.
PATTON: Yeah.
But we're making good progress
on where the shot came from.
Based on the angle
of Agent Hackett's entry wound,
and, uh, the affect of
wind speed and gravity
on the bullet's velocity,
I was able to determine
that the shot was fired from
the third story, corner window
of the building
across Royal Street.
Now, that discovery
lead to a cool theory.
Really, really cool.
I just said that it was cool.
Yeah, but I added
a couple of reallys,
and I said, "cool,"
which is so much more cooler
than the way you said it.
The theory, please.
Yeah, so, imagine for a moment
that this box is the courthouse.
Okay.
All right, these
are the protestors.
This is the building
across Royal.
And this is the shooter.
Now, if my lab
assistant would hand me
Randall the Robot, please.
You know what?
Lab assistant is not cool.
Randall is Admiral Pack.
Myron the Monkey
is Agent Hackett.
And Cornelius the Clown
is the statue
of Supreme Court Judge
Edward Douglass White,
or more commonly known
as Big Green Ed.
This laser pointer represents
the shooter's direction.
Turn it on...
tell me what you see.
Killer's line of sight
was obstructed by the statue.
And yet, a full minute before,
when the admiral
was unobstructed...
Killer didn't fire.
I'm beginning to wonder
if this is really
about assassinating
Admiral Pack.
PRIDE:
Or maybe...
Agent Hackett was the target
all along.
Tell me things.
We figure
if Hackett's the target,
probably rules out the union.
No ties there, so we started
digging into him personally.
Dumped his financials.
No red flags.
Nothing in his
NCIS jacket.
Guy's clean as whistle.
What's interesting is,
Hackett told me
he specifically requested
to be on this detail.
Yeah, he was supposed
to be protecting
the Commandant of the Marine
Corps in San Diego this week.
Fought to get himself
reassigned,
sent a series of
e-mails requesting
to protect Admiral Pack,
so he could come home.
He got family?
LASALLE: His parents
died ten years ago.
His brother lives in Sarasota.
We dumped his cell.
He made a phone call
to a Rebirth Boxing Gym
in the Ninth Ward at 6:00 p.m.
the night before his death.
Another couple calls to
and from State Senator Klain
around 10:00 p.m.
the same night.
William Klain?
Yup, also, another number
we couldn't I.D.--
720 area code.
Out of state?
Colorado.
One incoming the night
before he died around 8:45.
Six outgoing the morning of.
Then another call from that
same number three weeks ago.
When he lobbied
to get the detail.
All right, let's have Patton
get to work
on the 720 number,
see what he can find out.
Brody?
Colorado number. Got it.
Chris...
check out the boxing gym.
Brody, you're with me.
Let's go, uh, pay a visit
to Senator Klain.
How'd it go
with Agent Anson?
I answered his questions.
All he seems to care
about is the Moultrie
and why I hesitated.
It's personal.
I know.
And...
since they determined
that it had nothing to do
with the deaths and since
nothing like that has ever
happened again, then there's
really... there's no reason
I get it.
for us to go get this...
I get it. I do. I...
But... Anson's talking
about barring you from
the protective
detail list.
If you want,
I'll call the director.
I'll shut this down.
I'll save you both the trouble,
and I'll take myself
off the protective detail list.
Or...
you could ask for
a transfer to, say...
the Northwest office.
I never said anything
about going to the Northwest.
No.
But...
run away from the Midwest,
you run away from the Moultrie.
I'm just wondering how long
it's gonna be before I find
a request for... reassignment
on my desk.
"Skim Milk." It was Hackett's
nickname back in high school.
We had a gang.
Not a real gang.
Just a joke.
We were the Milk Trucks.
He was Skim 'cause he was
100 pounds, soaking wet.
I was Spilled Milk.
Always wanted to
say to the girls,
"Don't cry over
Spilled Milk."
Bycer here...
2%.
I'm a little Native American.
So you guys
were close?
We were beyond close.
Best friends.
He and I were trying
to figure out a time
that we could
get together.
Wanted to see
if I could
convince him
to, uh...
come aboard my run for
the governorship as an advisor.
But, uh,
our schedules
didn't line up and...
He's just... He's gone.
My wife, Justine, and I, um...
Austin's brother
has asked for us
to organize the wake.
I'm sorry
for your loss, Senator.
I have to ask--
do you know of anyone
who might've had a problem
with Agent Hackett?
To the point
that they'd shoot him?
Austin was beloved.
By everyone.
Well, how 'bout this?
Several calls to an unknown
Colorado phone number.
Mean anything?
Doesn't look familiar.
How about a call
from the Rebirth Boxing Gym?
That's Moke's joint, right?
Moke...
...might want to kill Austin.
KLAIN:
David Mockus.
Knew him since kindergarten.
He was in a real gang.
Our, uh... pot guy.
Officially,
I didn't inhale either.
When we all graduated,
uh, Moke did, too--
to much bigger crimes.
He started running weapons
for one of the biggest
gunrunners in the city.
When Moke got busted,
Austin stepped up as the
prosecution's key witness.
It was... his tough love way
of trying to get Moke straight.
Did Mr. Mockus see it that way?
Would you?
I spoke with Hackett.
So what?
Shooting the breeze with the guy
that helped put you in prison?
A lot happened since then.
I did my time.
I saw the error of my ways.
What'd you talk about?
Bunnies, unicorns, lollipops.
Yeah, that's pretty funny for
a guy with motive to kill.
Is that your office?
Yeah.
So?
Well, I'm guessing
that's your safe.
Bet if I pop
that sucker open,
a lot of guns
is gonna fall out of there.
How's that gonna sit
with the terms of your parole?
Not well.
After the bunnies and unicorns,
what else was on the docket?
Wanted a gun.
Why would an NCIS agent
come to you for a gun?
Not a question I ask.
He said he
wanted it light
and untraceable.
Say who it was for?
Rey.
Who's Rey?
BRODY:
Reagan Norris.
Went to the same high school
as Hackett and Klain.
Waitress at Pat O's.
Married eight years.
Seven-year-old son.
Yearbook pictures showed
Reagan and Hackett together
in student council,
school paper,
even Glee Club.
Glee Club?
Only reason a guy does that
is to get next to the girl.
Mockus said he met
with Hackett around 8:30.
That 720 number came in
around 8:45.
All right, if it's
Reagan's cell,
why has she got
a Colorado number?
I'm thinking second phone.
Called both,
went to voicemail.
Patton did say
they had simultaneous
credit card charges
between Reagan and Hackett,
up here at B.J.'s.
Yeah, they came in
a couple nights ago.
Were sittin' in that corner.
LASALLE:
They leave together?
Well, I'm not sure.
But my manager punched up the
outside security cams for you.
Man, I...
I never know
how to work this equipment.
Oh, I got this.
Any chance you heard
what they were talking about?
Uh, joint can be loud.
But I can tell you this,
they looked cozy.
At one point, he leaned over--
I thought he was going in
for the kiss--
dropped something in her purse.
Did it look like a gun?
Mm...
Well, I didn't see it, but...
gun is sexy.
You carry a gun,
right?
I think we have everything
we need from you. Thank you.
Oh.
I'll be in the other room.
Got 'em leaving the bar.
BRODY: Reagan and Hackett.
LASALLE: Now who's that?
Rewind.
Freeze on his face.
That's not Mockus.
I know that face--
from the research
we did on Reagan.
Her husband.
Alec Norris.
LASALLE:
What if Hackett and Reagan
was having an affair?
They're worried
about the husband finding out.
Hackett gets her a gun
for protection,
he shows up...
something goes down.
The husband uses the threats
at the protest
to make Hackett pay.
Alec Norris.
The husband.
Is he credible for
this kind of a killing?
Electrician.
Works for a local contractor.
No priors. Had a hunting license
since 2001.
Any domestic
issues?
NOPD got a 911 call
to the house two days ago.
Police showed up, but Reagan
refused to press charges.
Open door.
NCIS.
Clear.
BRODY:
Find anything?
LASALLE:
Nothing.
Someone left in a hurry.
Well, if the husband
killed Hackett,
it makes sense he'd run.
If Reagan feared for her life,
might've fled with their son.
If she did, we better start
looking at hospitals.
Son's name is Dylan.
Sick.
Really sick, from the looks
of this equipment.
Seen this
at the children's hospital.
Also found
this medication, lactulose.
You know what it's for?
No.
All right,
we got a missing woman,
potential killer,
and now a sick kid.
Let's find
these people-- fast.
I pulled a favor from a friend
over at Children's Hospital.
The son, Dylan Norris,
has hepatic angiosarcoma.
It's cancer of the blood
vessels in the liver.
Is the condition
treatable?
Only if someone donates
a part of their liver.
The lactulose is used to try
and control high ammonia levels
until a donor is found.
So the kid should be
in a hospital?
Oh, that won't
do any good.
He'll just get sicker
and sicker.
It could be a matter of weeks,
could be months...
Well, it's hard to say
because I don't have full access
to his file.
We'll get a warrant.
See if the murder investigation
can get past the HIPAA laws.
Thank you.
You all right, Merri?
Yeah. Fine. Why?
Just notice a... little bit
of your light has gone out.
I'm just, um...
I'm... dealing with something.
Merri...
how I see this space...
it's my temple.
And all who enter here
are afforded solace
and protection.
That goes for both the dead
as well as the living.
I made a mistake once.
NCIS!
Stop!
For six-tenths of a second.
Six-tenths of a second,
and I have been obsessing on it
for... close to eight years.
Everyone always accuses me
of running,
but there is a difference
between running
and trying to put something
behind you.
There is.
But if you keep avoiding
that "something,"
people wonder if you still have
your track pants
and jogging shoes on.
PATTON:
Assuming Reagan was having
an affair with Hackett,
I've been working
the Colorado number to see
if we can use it
to locate Reagan.
"My Alias" is a service used
by philanderers
to generate a second number
on a phone,
without requiring
an additional SIM card.
Reagan Norris
has one?
Yeah, you toggle
between numbers,
you turn one number off,
set your privacy settings so
you don't get caught cheating.
Man, if they would've invented
that five years ago, I'd still
be married.
Anyway, once I confirmed
it was Reagan's phone,
I got a hit on a tower
in Gretna, near Business 90.
LASALLE:
Oasis Motel.
Reagan could be hiding
out there.
And have Dylan with her.
All right,
forward this info to Brody.
Tell her to meet us...
at the Oasis Motel.
BRODY: Which room?
PRIDE: 37.
Desk clerk said that Reagan
came in two nights ago.
Paid cash.
Requested to be notified
if her husband showed up.
Did she have Dylan with her?
Clerk didn't see him.
Eyes open, everyone.
NCIS. Open up.
Anybody here?
PRIDE:
Clear.
LASALLE: Clear.
BRODY:
Clear.
LASALLE:
They got prison cells
in Angola that's nicer
than this.
PRIDE:
No bags.
Bed's made.
Room's awful neat.
Guys...
Placement of
this dresser is off.
Indentation marks
in the carpet
where it used to sit.
Yeah, let's move it.
Ready?
Yep.
Go...
LASALLE:
Got something.
Bleach.
Brody, get your...
Bluestar.
BRODY: Blood.
PRIDE: So assume that the
husband tracked her to the hotel
the same way
he tracked her to the bar.
If the kid was
with her...
Could've hurt him, too.
Or taken him.
LASALLE:
Thank you, fellas.
K-9 search and
rescue's on its way.
If Reagan's nearby,
they'll find her.
Who are you calling?
Just... playing a hunch.
Damn it.
WADE:
She had a gun in her handbag?
PRIDE:
The one we believe Hackett
gave to her for protection.
WADE: Yeah.
Apparently not enough.
Never fired.
All bullets still
in the clip.
Well, based on decomp,
Reagan's been dead
approximately 48 hours.
Same night as the
altercation at the bar.
Cause of death?
Oh, no poisons in her system
or stab wounds, but...
based on the bruising
around her ear,
I found she suffered
from a basilar skull fracture.
Also has a small stress fracture
on her upper cheek,
uh, most likely
from being struck with a fist.
My guess is, uh, she fell,
hit her head on something.
Could've been the dresser.
Where you found the blood.
Crime of passion?
Quite. I've got
Dylan's medical records.
Both his parents were tested
to donate,
but there was
one little problem.
Dylan's type A,
and Reagan and Alec
are both type B.
Forgive me, Loretta,
long time since I took biology.
How's it possible neither parent
matches their son's blood type?
MAN:
It's not.
I'm not Dylan's father.
PRIDE: Mr. Norris...
:
Is that her?
Please say it isn't.
Mr. Norris... Mr. Norris...
I'm sorry.
No, I just,
I heard the re...
report on the news and...
and I didn't know
where I should go.
I was hoping...
that maybe it wasn't...
wasn't true.
Where's your son?
Where's your boy?
Dad, what's going on?
Dylan, you can't be in here.
ALEC:
Wait, wait. No.
I got him, Dwayne.
DYLAN: Dad! Dad!
No, please, please...
It's okay, it's gonna
be okay, Dylan.
I didn't do this!
You'll see,
ALEC: It all started
a month ago.
Dylan got sick?
Rey and I both
went in to donate.
When it came back that neither
of us was a match, I...
I don't know, my mind... my mind
just started racing, you know?
An affair?
Yeah, well, uh, you know,
we were pregnant basically
the moment that we met.
Now I'm thinking
she-she probably already was,
she just didn't tell me.
You assumed it was Hackett?
Seemed like a safe bet.
And they stayed close.
You know, she-she'd take these
trips to-to visit him.
All of a sudden,
Hackett's back in town...
Yeah, I lost it, I lost it.
I attacked the guy,
outside the bar.
I mean, sure, they both,
they both denied the affair,
but that's
what people do, right?
So screw it.
I-I didn't want to, uh,
hear any more lies,
so I-I... I just took off.
Dylan and I, we got in the car,
and we went camping.
Camping?
Yeah.
Dylan, he loves sleeping out
underneath the stars.
Takes his mind off
what's going on.
That's where I was
when Hackett was killed.
I just needed
to-to cool off. I...
Then I get back to town,
and I, uh...
I saw the news.
You know we're gonna
call the campground.
If you're lying...
I-I'm not.
I'm not lying.
Look...
I would never
hurt Reagan.
As for Hackett, I...
hated that guy.
But why am I gonna kill
the one man
who might be able
to save my son's life?
So I ran little Dylan's DNA
against Hackett's,
and in the envelope,
I have the results of that test.
Sebastian...
But I can tell
by your incredibly tense
body language
that now is not
the time for theatrics, so...
Agent Hackett
is not Dylan's father.
Then who is?
I ran Dylan's DNA
through our criminal database,
came up empty.
Thanks, Sebastian.
What if Reagan told Hackett
who the father was?
Then they were both killed
to keep the secret quiet.
So... Dylan doesn't
stand a chance
if we can't find
who his father is.
That's why you pay me
the big bucks.
Or at least you should.
I was able to override
the password on Reagan's phone,
download the incoming
and outgoing calls.
I got her last call,
the night she was killed.
I got this.
To Skim Milk.
Austin, um...
I would never be where I am
today, without you.
You were my friend...
my brother.
Sweet Austin...
...we will miss you.
ALL:
Cheers.
Agent Brody.
Can I get you a drink?
Uh, appreciated,
but I'm on the job.
Understood.
Senator Klain,
I need to ask
the whereabouts
of your chief of staff.
Edward?
Another one of your high school
friends has been murdered.
Reagan Norris.
Reagan?
Really?
And there is an issue
of paternity
with her child and Edward.
We think Hackett might have
gotten caught up in it.
Edward said that he had
to get out of town.
A family thing.
Do you know
where he went?
I can find out.
That'd be great.
DNA.
Confirms you're
Dylan's father.
But, of course,
we're not telling you
anything you don't already know.
Wait...
I thought you were
looking into Edward.
You wished.
We just wanted to get
into your head,
make sure you didn't walk away
with that glass.
Okay, look...
I had an affair with Reagan.
But she never told me
that she was pregnant.
You know that joke--
how can you tell a
politician's lying?
His lips are moving.
PRIDE:
That's it.
Save yourself the embarrassment.
Let's check our math.
Seven years ago,
Klain gets
Reagan pregnant.
But he's married,
star on the rise.
Reagan agrees to keep
it secret, which works.
Until Dylan gets sick.
Then a month ago,
she calls Klain,
asks him to get tested,
he says no.
Because if he had
agreed to that,
it's pretty much bye-bye
to his run for governorship.
And so Reagan goes
to the one friend
she thinks
can convince Klain
to save his son,
Austin Hackett.
And now two people know.
So two people must die.
No, wait, it wasn't...
Reagan, she-she
threatened me.
So I-I...
I-I just, I-I snapped.
That's all.
"That's all," he says.
Yeah, well, she couldn't have
threatened you too hard.
'Cause the gun she had
in her pocket for protection
was never fired.
And with Reagan dead,
Hackett would have known exactly
who was behind the murder.
And knowing the union issues,
the assassination attempt
was a perfect way
to cover up Hackett's death.
I was gonna be governor.
Do great things for
the people of this state.
The only person
in the state of Louisiana
you can do anything
for now is Dylan.
That kid dies,
your own flesh and blood,
you will never stop thinking
about it, trust me.
Best you just face it head on.
LASALLE: Oh, man,
you're killing me.
ALEC:
So he said yes.
Senator's been taken
to the hospital.
He's, uh, being
tested as we speak.
So Hackett wasn't
Dylan's father.
No.
But he came here
to New Orleans.
He gave his life.
Trying to save Dylan's.
Dylan's kicking
my butt over here.
Um...
Hey, uh...
you ready to go, champ?
Everything okay?
We'll get there,
buddy, yeah.
Come on.
Normally, I'm on the other side
of this table.
You chose to continue our
conversation here, Agent Brody.
This isn't supposed to be
an interrogation.
Yes, it is.
But I'm okay with that.
It's time to put away
the track shoes.
Hooper's eyes...
Why I hesitated...
The shape,
the color,
bright blue,
reminded me of someone
I loved very much,
who I had just lost,
days before.
So I will sit here
as long as you'd like...
...answer all of the questions,
and I will do this in the memory
of the five people
that died on the Moultrie.
Agent Austin Hackett...
...and my twin sister,
Emily Anne Brody...
...who died at the hands
of a drunk driver.
I'm sorry for your loss.
As I am for yours.
Let's start
at the beginning.
The morning of the incident
on the Moultrie.
I woke up at 0600 hours.
We were parked in the Persian
Gulf, waiting on orders,
when the intel came in
about Petty Officer Hooper.
I immediately grabbed my gear
out of the command center.
When I saw hi--
Attagirl.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and VOLKSWAGEN
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org